Okay.
So let's summarize what we learned in this course, and where you can go next.
We saw big differences between three different styles and types of JSON API.
Firstly,
you saw a binding API where the mapping between Java
objects in JSON was automatic.
This was a really good way of getting started and a really good default choice.
In most applications, this is the best thing to use.
Then, you saw a tree or DOM-style API as some of us call it.
This enables you to write generic code that works on
different types of documents more easily.
For example, tooling to inspect or process JSON documents.
This API is more involved to work with compared to just binding.
Finally, you saw a streaming API.
This offered the best performance in code as there was no need to
construct an in-memory representation of the JSON document.
It also offered the lowest memory consumption for the same reasons.
The streaming API is often most time consuming to work with.
So only worth choosing if you need these performance advantages.
Okay.
So let's face it.
JSON is really popular and a really useful skill to have on your belt.
It's something you can use on a wide variety of development projects
for both websites and web services in the backend.
In this course, you learned a lot about JSON.
We started off looking at the basic structure of JSON documents themselves,
and what they were used for.
Then you learned about the different styles of the APIs that we covered.
And finally,
we talked about important do's and don'ts of using
JSON in practical Java projects, information architecture.
Now, you can count yourself as a JSON master.
You should feel comfortable and confident tackling problems related
to JSON and using it in production applications. Well done!